Text&Colour
"organize everything"
"everything is a list"

////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

Video

////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

Text&Colour is a beautiful and simple Outliner. 

You can organize everything in flexible, hierarchical ordered lists. 

Create your own structure for notes, tasks, ideas, grocery lists or even flashcards for vocabulary training. The possible use cases are endless. 

Use different colors to customize the appearance of the App or to give your items some further information like red for "very important" or blue for "less important". 

////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

What the Hell is an Outliner?

Origin

Outliners are an old, but still very sophisticated software concept from the 1970s. They had their highest popularity in the 1980s with Outliners like More and Acta.

Functionality

The key idea of Outliners is to structure information into hierarchical ordered lists which can be infinitely nested. These lists consist of items. Every item can be the parent of further child items.

Benefit

This functionality is useful to collect, manage and organize every type of information like ideas for an essay, daily tasks or big projects. Outliners are more powerful and flexible than usual ToDo Apps.

////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

Tell me more about Text&Colour!
What's so great about Text&Colour?

Add new Items
Add new items and add some child items to them. The amount of child items will be displayed as a little number.

Options
The option panel appears through a tap on the items. Change the colour, edit the text, add some photos or delete your items. 

Colours
Choose 1 of 6 gorgeous colours to give your items a special meaning. For instance, choose yellow to mark something as super important or green to mark a task in your ToDo list as done.

Search
Use the search function to easily access and edit items.

Navigation
Navigate through your items. Tap on the button to the right of an item to enter a deeper hierarchy level. Swipe the Navigation Bar to the right to go back or tap the drop in the Navigation Bar to go directly to the root item.

Add Photos
Add existing photos from your photo library or take a new one. To view a photo in full size tap on it to open the photo browser. 

Reorder Items
Reorder an item by swiping it to the right, grab the reorder button and drag it to its new position.


////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

Use Cases:
Rezepte, Vokabeln, Einkaufsliste, ToDos, Notes, Tagebuch, MindMap, Film list, Homework, Pro Contra List, Short Term, Mid Term, and Long Term


////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

Oh hi,

my name is Judith. I am the developer, designer and everything else of Text&Colour. Currently I live in Berlin and make my master in computer science. Text&Color was for the last months my pet project, but maybe it will turn into a real side job...

I have created this App because there are not enough Productivity Apps available on the App Store.Text&Colour also combines the advantages of simple Outliners with crazy colours!!

The App is far away from being feature complete. The next features I am going to build [maybe] are:

- An iPad version with iCloud Sync
- The ability to move items to another parent
- Export and sharing via Email and Dropbox
- Search for colours
- A Mac version...later

I am currently not available for projects, except they pay unreasonably large sums of ca$h.

I am on Twitter.

////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

IMPRINT
=======

Contact

Judith Lindemann
Platz der Vereinten Nationen 5
10249 Berlin
Germany

textAndColour+imprint@gmail.com

Credits

Cupcake Photos on Website and App Sore:
Celery Pop Cupcakes: http://www.flickr.com/photos/veganfeast/3435128886, http://www.flickr.com/photos/veganfeast/3434321871 by Vegan Feast Catering (http://www.flickr.com/photos/veganfeast)

Music in Promo Video:

JavaScript PlugIns on Website:
Image Slider: http://nivo.dev7studios.com
Light Box: http://fancyapps.com/fancybox

Background Photos on Twitter:
http://placeit.breezi.com

Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.

In case IP anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases the whole IP address will be first transferred to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. The IP anonymisation is active on this website.

Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing them other services relating to website activity and internet usage.

The IP-address, that your Browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics, will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics with effect for the future by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Addon for your current web browser: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.

Source: http://rechtsanwalt-schwenke.de/google-analytics-rechtssicher-nutzen-anleitung-fuer-webmaster
